well Israel's bombing campaign of the
Gaza Strip meanwhile has continued
unabated strikes targeted a home in Rafa
where a number of people were Sheltering
it's believed that everyone inside has
been killed three other people were
killed when soldiers struck a car in the
nerat refugee camp and several
Palestinians have been detained
following a raid on Gaza City air
strikes also targeted the AL Oda
Hospital in the jabalia refugee camp in
Northern Gaza at least five people there
were injured in many parts of the
hospital are now out of service
ambulances have been damaged Beyond
repair well let's speak to Honey Mahmud
he joins us from Rafa in southern Gaza
honey talk us through what's been
happening across the strip overnight
we've been hearing about all these
[Music]
strikes yes well despite the uh reports
about an initial possible deal in the
coming days the Israeli military
continues the bombing kill the maming as
well as the terrorizing of Palestinians
across the Gaza Strip here in overnight
attacks on a residential home in a Jan
District that's the eastern part of
rafah city and very close to an area
that has been designated as a safe zone
for displaced
Palestinians the house was targeted
destroyed number of people were reported
killed and number of injuries as well
all reported to a Nar hospital that's in
central
but it caused a great deal of panic and
concern of the belief that the the
military operation is step by step is
expanding and soon enough it will it be
coming from KH un to include parts of RA
particularly the area that are very
close to KH yunes and Khan unun where
most of the intense fighting is taking
place around the vicinity of Al hospital
and the palestin r Cresent Society and
also around Nas Hospital these two
hospitals nasar is the largest public
health facility in the city of KH Unice
has been under military siege for the
ninth day in a row right now there is
Extreme shortage of medical supplies and
inability of people to go in and out of
the hospital also Amel hospital where
hundreds of people have been Sheltering
came under heavy artillery shelling as
well as the constant attacks of a quiet
copters that people who are trying to
leave the hospital to a safer area so
far people have no other options to
leave kanun other than going through the
checkpoints that set up by the Israeli
military where mass arrest of young
people have been taking place within the
past two days in the northern part and
Gaza City not only ongoing artill
shoting and bombings but the isra
military uh through its uh armored
vehicle been raiding the city for the
past two days and in overnight raid uh
particularly around evacuation centers
where it Arrested seven people and also
it has it plays a curfew that people up
there 5:00 p.m. are not supposed to be
in the area or around any of the
evacuation Center just impedes people in
mobility and it prevent them from if
they found any of the supplies that they
needed to survive they won't be able to
get them honey Mahmud there with the
latest for us from the ground in Rafa in
southern Gaza thank you so much honey